fuck
[Music]
still out there
Hey huh let's get it for lit this get
that contract - Papa Felix just get a 40
dis cut that out
Phil Oh ready welcome to YouTube's
favorite show their rule is simple if
you laugh you lose and you can't do
either one of them challenge accepted by
leaving a like on this video right now
we solely wish that did not even close
to rhyme what the actual fillery are you
trying to say love the tune though it's
hella lit alright now let's move on it's
hard to just sleep when you're tired
because people are tired most of the
time yeah you did Jerry come on
brilliant my code Jerry is still living
on in the Seinfeld show in real life and
as always brofist everyone oh my god me
bro booting a picture of PewDiePie for
12 minutes and 29 seconds well it looks
like my job here is done this video will
now play on for the rest of the video
enjoy scattered it for lowrider
I have literally anything else to do
I'm joking I'm joking stop crying does
he actually though I'm losing brain
cells every second let's move on
wait so live dead like this it's catchy
sure it's catchy like Ke$ha
okay alright I'm sure you've seen this
playlist on YouTube called
instant regret clicking this playlist
paranthesis memes it's got that stupid
picture of that guy's face making their
face like I'm sure you've seen it
YouTube has been shelling this playlist
more than anything else in the entire
website for some reason this playlist is
God and it rules upon this wretched land
is he'll actually live streaming right
now sorry I just saw dark toes is he
playing with his feet hey hey it's the
leg man
no one really turns in 20 streams I do
but I feel like why not both alright
it's it's surprisingly difficult to just
keep your leg in a camera because you
have to try and tilt the whole camera
away from you okay where was that yes
the instant regret play clicking this
how do I speak playlist thank you this
is my job this is I have to describe
things you are welcome
it gets millions of views and I am now
going to react to this playlist as a
poor attempt to get in recommended to
these videos so that I can get millions
of views without any form of talent and
original content
oh he's self-aware that's so funny I'm
gonna leave a like on this video right
now don't forget to buy the merch as
well thank you now let's say let's get
into this playlist shall we
[Music]
[Applause]
Shawn white for the cold they to take
down on you move and gets it the second
[Music]
double McTwist 1260 shot was broad
Moorhead will it be enough
[Applause]
pretty solid add it but did it make me
skirt that but don't make me laugh I
mean literally don't that's the point of
the game okay let's keep going
[Music]
stop the hammering stop the hammering
out there who's got a hammer okay that
one was good congratulations but I
didn't skirt that get out of here do you
know what that means
[Music]
and let me teach you a lesson lemme
guess he's going to throw the glass but
it's going to hit someone else oh wow
what is this Dolan dark they're too fast
how do I supposed to react to this just
replay the video
yes cuz it's Lilly six seconds and they
need to process what happened I still
don't understand my god so annoying this
is just annoying people like this people
like this shit my god hey guys this is
Barack - Octavia and the Johns Hopkins I
want you to know I love means I love
them all right thank you thank you mr. Q
the Trump means jumping
[Music]
yeah that's wrong within I love for
traitors oh my god Miranda this playlist
sucks and you suck for liking it okay
I'm gonna be the first one to say it
that's right I mean it's not for me to
have a contrarian opinion it is my
genuine duty to review this as a meme
reviewer the way it truly needs to be
reviewed you are welcome what do you
want me to sit here and laugh and be
like that was funny cuz I can do that I
[Music]
can't I get literally can't I can't even
force myself when you have it on your
hand you really feel like you're
suspended oh the heights - she'll go -
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
you did it dolan dark you did it hurray
for you good good for you an actual
Apple ad you best be joking hey what you
doing on your computer
what's the computer oh my god what's the
computer we're Apple we try to innovate
in the future don't know that this is
painful this pain its inflicted upon me
with this pale a list that I can't
articulate myself help me hey look a
video longer than six seconds how about
that everyone Wow
[Music]
it's actually so relatable I whenever I
was in school I was over say all right
let's just get this done and then you
can go home and play video games and
look where that got me
hooray yay for me what is this an
unlisted video Wow
what's he doing
is he gonna get hit by a car no that was
a that was a that was all the memes are
you kidding me it's not funny
your shitty memes aren't funny unless
someone gets hurt if he doesn't get hit
by a car then what's the point
what what's the point of that seriously
have we fallen that low have we stoop
that low that no one will even be close
to death then why is it funny why is it
funny then what was funny about that
nothing was funny about that nothing is
funny unless someone gets hurt so my mom
try to be cute make these little
Thanksgiving snacks here she saw on
Pinterest this is what they actually
came out that's great
fine fine instant regret by clicking
playlist you got me one time what do you
want an award I will not laugh at the
next one
oh what a savage possibility then now it
leaves Wow hey hurry well I think that's
a good time as any to end it here Wow
wait so late tap like this hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did leave a
like and if you didn't laughs make sure
you leave a like as well anyway also
make sure to subscribe everybody check
out the instant regret playlist shout
outs to that wonderful playlist I'm now
going to end this video with something
out of context because literally
anything out of context is extremely
hilarious how about maybe a Vsauce me
[Music]